Adding troubleshooting docs items (#1597)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/preview/troubleshooting.md

This is especially relevant if you have used `terraform-eks-module` version `>=18` since that version changed its security
approach, and now it's much more restrictive.

## Daemonsets can result in deployment failures

For Karpenter versions 0.53 and earlier, daemonsets were not properly considered when provisioning nodes.
This sometimes caused nodes to be deployed that could not meet the needs of the requested daemonsets.
The result could be log messages like the following:

```text
Excluding instance type r3.8xlarge because there are not enough resources for daemons {"commit": "7e79a67", "provisioner": "default"}
```

One workaround is to set your provisioner to only use larger instance types.
For more information, see [Issue #1084](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/issues/1084).
Examples of this behavior are included in [Issue #1180](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/issues/1180).
This issue was addressed in later Karpenter releases by [PR #1155](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/pull/1155).

## Unspecified resource requests cause scheduling/bin-pack failures

> Not setting Kubernetes [LimitRanges](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range/) on pods can cause Karpenter to fail to schedule or properly bin-pack pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not using the Kubernetes [LimitRanges](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range/) feature to enforce minimum resource request sizes will allow pods with very low or non-existent resource requests to be scheduled.  This can cause issues as Karpenter bin-packs pods based on the resource requests.  If the resource requests do not reflect the actual resource usage of the pod, Karpenter will place too many of these pods onto the same node resulting in the pods getting CPU throttled or terminated due to the OOM killer.  This behavior is not unique to Karpenter and can also occur with the standard `kube-scheduler` with pods that don't have accurate resource requests.
```

Reviewer: Do we have any best practice docs that recommend sizing of limits vs requests?

Author: @tzneal We have a general discussion on limits and pointers to Kubernetes docs on the subject in the [Karpenter Best Practices](https://aws.github.io/aws-eks-best-practices/karpenter/#use-limitranges-to-configure-defaults-for-resource-requests-and-limits) guide. Do you have suggestions for how to set particular limits?

Author: I incorporated your other comments.

Reviewer: I don't know a good limit to request ratio value to recommend, probably worth punting on for now in that case as I can't find any recommendations from K8s or any existing EKS best practices either.

Reviewer 2: Looks like most instance types are [here](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/#General_Purpose) have a max  cpu:memory ratio of 1:4. GPUs have 1:8. If we need a ratio, 1:4 would be a good place to start thinking about it.

This behavior is not unique to Karpenter and can also occur with the standard `kube-scheduler` with pods that don't have accurate resource requests.

To prevent this, you can set LimitRanges on pod deployments on a per-namespace basis.
See the Karpenter [Best Practices Guide](https://aws.github.io/aws-eks-best-practices/karpenter/#use-limitranges-to-configure-defaults-for-resource-requests-and-limits) for further information on the use of LimitRanges.

## Missing subnetSelector and securityGroupSelector tags causes provisioning failures

Starting with Karpenter v0.5.5, if you are using Karpenter-generated launch template, provisioners require that [subnetSelector]({{<ref "./aws/provisioning/#subnetselector" >}}) and [securityGroupSelector]({{<ref "./aws/provisioning/#securitygroupselector" >}}) tags be set to match your cluster.
The [Provisioner](./getting-started/getting-started-with-eksctl/#provisioner) section in the Karpenter Getting Started Guide uses the following example:

```text
provider:
    subnetSelector:
      karpenter.sh/discovery: ${CLUSTER_NAME}
    securityGroupSelector:
      karpenter.sh/discovery: ${CLUSTER_NAME}
```

> 

Reviewer 3: what do you think about adding aws CLI commands for users to check their subnet and security group selectors? 

```
$ aws ec2 describe-subnets --filters Name=tag:karpenter.sh/discovery,Values=${CLUSTER_NAME}
.. Returns subnets matching the selector ...

$ aws ec2 describe-security-groups --filters Name=tag:karpenter.sh/discovery,Values=${CLUSTER_NAME}
.. Returns security groups matching the selector ...
```

Author: Sorry, I just saw this. Yes, I think it's a good idea and I'll add them.

Author: Done.

This is especially relevant if you have used `terraform-eks-module` version `>=18` since that version changed its security
approach, and now it's much more restrictive.

> ## Daemonsets can result in deployment failures

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## DaemonSets can result in deployment failures
```

> For Karpenter versions 0.53 and earlier, daemonsets were not properly considered when provisioning nodes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For Karpenter versions 0.5.3 and earlier, daemonsets were not properly considered when provisioning nodes.
```

Author: Good catch. Fixed.

This can cause issues as Karpenter bin-packs pods based on the resource requests.

If the resource requests do not reflect the actual resource usage of the pod, Karpenter will place too many of these pods onto the same node resulting in the pods getting CPU throttled or terminated due to the OOM killer.
This behavior is not unique to Karpenter and can also occur with the standard `kube-scheduler` with pods that don't have accurate resource requests.

To prevent this, you can set LimitRanges on pod deployments on a per-namespace basis.
See the Karpenter [Best Practices Guide](https://aws.github.io/aws-eks-best-practices/karpenter/#use-limitranges-to-configure-defaults-for-resource-requests-and-limits) for further information on the use of LimitRanges.

## Missing discovery tags causes provisioning failures

Starting with Karpenter v0.5.5, provisioners require discovery tags in this form, as described in [Provisioner](https://karpenter.sh/v0.7.3/getting-started/getting-started-with-eksctl/#provisioner) documentation:

```text
provider:
    subnetSelector:
      karpenter.sh/discovery: ${CLUSTER_NAME}
    securityGroupSelector:
      karpenter.sh/discovery: ${CLUSTER_NAME}
```

> Provisioners created without those tags and run in more recent Karpenter versions will fail with this message when you try to run the provisioner:

Reviewer 3: This reads like those specific tags are required, but any tags can be used. We just use the `karpenter.sh/discovery` tags in the getting started guide

Author: Fixed.

This is especially relevant if you have used `terraform-eks-module` version `>=18` since that version changed its security
approach, and now it's much more restrictive.

## DaemonSets can result in deployment failures

For Karpenter versions 0.5.3 and earlier, Daemonsets were not properly considered when provisioning nodes.
This sometimes caused nodes to be deployed that could not meet the needs of the requested Daemonsets.
The result could be log messages like the following:

```text
Excluding instance type r3.8xlarge because there are not enough resources for daemons {"commit": "7e79a67", "provisioner": "default"}

> ```

Reviewer 4: This doesn't sound right to me. The problem for Daemon set before v0.5.3 is that Karpenter doesn't consider the resource requests of daemon sets when selecting instance type. Karpenter will launch a smaller node and pod will fail to run due to not enough resources. 

The above error log happens when Karpenter bin-packing is filtering instance types according to just the Daemon-set resource requests. It is not an indicator of the problem.

> One workaround is to set your provisioner to only use larger instance types.

Reviewer 4: I will suggest to emphasize the workaround is for before v0.5.6.

For more information, see [Issue #1084](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/issues/1084).
Examples of this behavior are included in [Issue #1180](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/issues/1180).

> This issue was addressed in later Karpenter releases by [PR #1155](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/pull/1155).

Reviewer 4: This is correct. It has been addressed. We will not see this problem anymore.

## Unspecified resource requests cause scheduling/bin-pack failures

Not using the Kubernetes [LimitRanges](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range/) feature to enforce minimum resource request sizes will allow pods with very low or non-existent resource requests to be scheduled.
This can cause issues as Karpenter bin-packs pods based on the resource requests.

If the resource requests do not reflect the actual resource usage of the pod, Karpenter will place too many of these pods onto the same node resulting in the pods getting CPU throttled or terminated due to the OOM killer.
This behavior is not unique to Karpenter and can also occur with the standard `kube-scheduler` with pods that don't have accurate resource requests.

To prevent this, you can set LimitRanges on pod deployments on a per-namespace basis.
See the Karpenter [Best Practices Guide](https://aws.github.io/aws-eks-best-practices/karpenter/#use-limitranges-to-configure-defaults-for-resource-requests-and-limits) for further information on the use of LimitRanges.

## Missing subnetSelector and securityGroupSelector tags causes provisioning failures

> Starting with Karpenter v0.5.5, provisioners require that [subnetSelector]({{<ref "./aws/provisioning/#subnetselector" >}}) and [securityGroupSelector]({{<ref "./aws/provisioning/#securitygroupselector" >}}) tags be set to match your cluster.

Reviewer 3: `securityGroupSelector` is only required when using Karpenter's generated launch templates. If a user provides a custom launch template, then specifying a `securityGroupSelector` will actually cause a validation error. `subnetSelector` is always required though.  

Other than that, lgtm!

Author: Okay. I'll fix that. Thanks!
